gpio rework (#347)
stm32-rs/stm32h7xx-hal: CHANGELOG.md

* **Breaking**: Use const-generics for `GPIO`, add `DynamicPin`, `ErasedPin`,
  inherent impls for `embedded-hal` like methods by-default, default modes [#334]

>   Remove pulling from `Input` mode. Use `internal_regiter(Pull)` instead,
>   add universal `into_mode::<MODE>()` pin mode converter,
>   `AFx` is now alias to `Alternate<x>` [#347]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Remove generic PullUp/PullDown/Floating parameter from `Input`. Use `internal_resistor()` method instead,
  add universal `into_mode::<MODE>()` pin mode converter,
  Rename `set_speed()` method to `speed()`
  `AFx` is now alias to `Alternate<x>` [#347]
```
